# Initial meeting

Date: 2022-02-01 13:00

Present: Tianyi (TX), Rupe (RWN)

## Discussion

- TX's experience using C++

- Key short term goals on the way to writing a good PP report
  identified as:

	* Understanding the motivation/background. Discussed 2 main
	  aspects/research questions.
	  1. Does a coroutine-based approach make it easier to write MPI
         parallel applications that want to do async comms? What types
         of application? Task-based?
	  2. Can they be faster?
	  Noted that these hypotheses being falsified can still make for
	  an excellent dissertation!

	* Getting some experience using C++ coroutines. Decided to use A2
	  as that has a newer GCC available which has better support for
	  coroutines. RWN pointed out a few resources for learning:
	  - https://devblogs.microsoft.com/oldnewthing/20210504-01/?p=105178
	  - https://vector-of-bool.github.io/2021/12/30/co_resource.html
	  And a potentially useful library https://github.com/lewissbaker/cppcoro

	* Locating some test programs. Since the project proposes a
	  new-to-HPC paradigm for handling concurrency, there are no
	  directly usable benchmarks. RWN suggested looking for
	  benchmarks/miniapps that use a task-based approach since they
	  may map more easily on coroutines.
	  - https://github.com/ParRes/Kernels

	* Past dissertation selection for review. RWN suggested looking at
      any using tasks.

- RWN noted the upcoming UCU industrial action

## Actions

### New

- (TX) Try out some coroutine programming, using the latest GCC on
  ARCHER2

- (TX) Look at previous dissertations to review. Come up with a short
  list (~3) of potential dissertations.

- (TX) Repository landing page.

- (RWN, TX) Literature search for potential benchmarks. RWN to send
  some starting points to TX.

### Ongoing

### Complete


## DONM
Decided to meet fortnightly, Wednesdays at 15:00, via Teams initially.
